
What is the Member 's Forum ? The Forum is a meeting of Esporta Department managers and a representation of the club 's membership . It meets bi-monthly to discuss issues important members , to float new ideas and to consult over changes in club policy . The Forum deals with issues head on , and sets specific action points to be completed . Real improvements happen as a result of member 's feedback ! How do I attend the Forum ? We already have our six positions filled at the moment . However we are will be looking in the future . Please check the Forum Boards to see when spaces are available . If you can represent a wide selection of members , can work with the management team in a constructive way and have the time to spare . Let us know , what your areas of interest are and how you best represent our membership . Who are the currents reps ? Helen Beard : Mobile 07768 474516 Jacqui Cook : Email ctcook2@aol . c om Richard Morgan : Mobile 07710 763474 Kate Adamas : Contact TBC Clyde Britton : Contact TBC Anna Obolenska : Contact TBC We are particularly interested in members who use the studio classes , the children 's Zone , and who represent our younger members . Email addresses and more details of your reps to follow shortly ! Members ' Forum MeetingMonday 4th September 2006 Esporta Team Present : Simon Stokes - General Manager ; Rob Brownsword - Member Services Manager , Adam Curzon - Fitness Manager . Forum Members Present : Richard Morgan , Helen Beard , Kate Adams , Anna Obolensky 1. Attendance Apologies for Jacqui Cook and Clyde Britton who are both on holiday . Simon welcomed our new Member 's Forum member - Anna Obolensky . Anna has been a member of the club since we opened in 2000 and is happy to talk to any members who have concerns they 'd like her to raise . 2. General Manager Update · Large amount of recruitment in last 2 months . Many open vacancies have now been filled : o Emma Halbert is new Children 's Activity Manager and has a wealth of experience with children . She has already started making improvements in the crèche and has big plans for children 's activities throughout the club . o Blair Wilson is the new Food & Beverage Manager . He has managed several restaurants and we should see an improvement in standards in the coming months . o Adam Curzon is our new Fitness Manager , previously working at David Lloyd and Fitness exchange . o Paul Buckingham is the new Maintenance manager and has already got stuck into the role , tackling several problems that have been outstanding . o Jamie Owen is the new Sales Manager and completes the new management team . He is currently completing his training at head office . · New St Edwards Timetable has been agreed and we hope this will cause less friction with members . The controversial swimming times have been fixed for the entire academic year at 2pm to 3:30pm Mon-Fri . This will remain constant and should enable members to plan their schedules to avoid these times . The outdoor pool will remain open as usual . 3. Last Month 's Issues · Despite requests we were unable to recruit a female maintenance manager . However Paul is amply qualified and will be taking on Duty Manager shifts . We should starts to see him as a real presence within the club . · As part of the ongoing parking problem we are trying to crack down on members parking in the family parking spaces . As well as disabled parking stickers on cars we have new notices written by one of the child members . The Forum members thought we should be more harsh but we will try the notices first and see If they work . · There is some concern that some elderly members may be intimidated by the Gym . The area can be off putting even if a program has been written . It was highlighted how important a reassuring staff presence is . Adam was tasked to recruit more Fitness Instructors and improve coverage . He will be trying split shifts as an added tool . The instructors need to be more interactive . · Fitness instructors will be taking PT clients . However all members get free On-Track consultations when joining and any member can book a free program review at any point . This is not advertised enough . It is Important for members to vary their programs . Adam is implementing a new way of managing the fitness staff , we should see results soon . We would like to receive extra feedback on this . · Tap in toilet in the health and beauty area has been fixed . The nails area is starting to look drab and does n't fee plush enough . Members suggested Flowers . There is the potential for a second art exhibition by Sarah Twomey to liven the area . · The suggestion to put more swim steps in has been rejected as impractical at the time being . The far side of the outdoor pool will be an ' adults only ' seating area from next year . It was decided that the outdoor classes did not go down favourable . · Some members are interested in starting water polo . Adam will cost equipment and Rob will collate an interest list . If enough people come forward will hold a match soon . · More storage space for body pump bars is needed in the studio · Changing Room consumables e. g Molton Brown being topped up correctly . Blue centre feed would be useful in the toilet area . The lavatory paper is being stacked too high in the dispensers and is almost impossible to remove . Lockers are again in use overnight . These will be cleared out regularly and rental lockers will be launched . £ 75 or £ 125 locker rental 4. New Issues · People are repeatedly turning up mid way through classes . Janette has spoken to all the instructors about this a few days ago . Some members would appreciatea pilates class mid afternoon . Some studios have been untidy with peoples lunch left there , cakes etc . This is to be stopped . The question was raised as to whether mats get cleaned . Anti bacterial wipes will be sourced for studio two . · The morning opening hours were again questioned and it was reiterated that the doors now stay locked until opening as a security issue . · Toning room is used frequently although it sometimes appears deserted . It is of particular use for rehabilitation and for the elderly . · There should be a separate kids menu In the restaurant . These may need reprinting . 5. Social Events There are several large events planned for the last few months of the year . · We hope to arrange a Christmas party for the start of December . We are currently looking for appropriate locations . More details to follow . · We would like to take a major group to see Creation Theatre Company 's ' 1001 Arabian Nights ' in November . They annually produce a show in a huge tent on the BMW car park . It was decided to try and get a mix of standard and premium tickets for their opening night if possible . Rob is to look into this . 